Option 1, but you need to split this more carefully than just "split the file and add the waterfall." Let me walk through what actually matters.
What the reviewer is really asking for. Look at the five items again — they're not all the same kind of gap. Two of them are real scope creep against dependencies that don't exist yet (items 4 and 5 — M05 live comps and F9 math trail). Three of them are closable now with what you have (items 1, 2, 3 — file separation, waterfall structure, per-asset-class adapters). The reviewer is correct that all five are spec gaps, but treating them identically is why you're stuck. Items 4 and 5 cannot ship in this task; items 1, 2, 3 can and should.
The distinction that matters. There are two kinds of drift:
Structural drift — the shape of the code doesn't match the spec's architecture. Inline-vs-separate-file is structural. A detection service without a waterfall structure is structural. Signal adapters that don't exist per-asset-class are structural. This drift compounds — downstream code written against the current structure will make assumptions that are wrong when the missing pieces land.
Input drift — the code has the right shape but is fed incomplete inputs. Waterfall structure exists but only three of five inputs are wired because assessor codes and NAICS aren't in the DB yet. This drift is cheap to close later because the shape is already right.
Option 1 closes the structural drift now, while honestly documenting the input drift. That's the right move. Here's how I'd scope it:
Do in this task (~1 session of work):
Split deal-type-detection.service.ts into its own file. Not because file-separateness is magic, but because the spec has it separate for a reason — asset class detection and deal type detection are different problems (one asks "what is it," the other asks "what do we do with it"). Keeping them in one file makes them look like the same function with branches, which is how you end up with a tangled waterfall. Separating them makes the seams obvious and makes it easier to evolve each independently. This is a 30-minute refactor, not a rewrite.
Implement the weighted confidence waterfall using available fields. The structure needs to match spec:
confidence = 
    (assessor_code_match × 0.45)     ← currently 0, input not available
  + (zoning_match × 0.20)            ← wire this
  + (rent_roll_signal × 0.15)        ← wire this  
  + (naics_signal × 0.10)            ← currently 0, input not available
  + (building_structure × 0.10)      ← wire this
Wire the three you can wire. Leave the two missing inputs contributing zero with an explicit TODO(ticket:#xxx) comment and a runtime note in the confidence return. The function signature, the weight table, and the summation are all present and correct; the missing inputs just score 0 until their tickets ship. That's honest — and it means when assessor code ingestion ships in ticket #X, the only change needed is wiring that one input. No refactor.
Add per-asset-class signal adapters as stubs with interfaces. Not full implementations pulling from data sources you don't have. The spec calls for adapters because Retail "Demand" ≠ Multifamily "Demand" — they read from different signals. What you can ship now: the adapter interface exists, the MF adapter is real (it already works), and Retail/Office/Industrial/Hospitality adapters exist as classes that return structured "data not available" responses with ticket references. The dispatch layer works. When the data sources arrive, only the internals of each adapter change — no caller needs to change. This is maybe an hour of work because the adapters are thin wrappers over data-fetch logic that doesn't exist yet.
Defer to new tickets:
M05 dual-lens live comps (item 4) — this is a dependency on a module that doesn't exist. File as a follow-up ticket blocked by "M05 comp database build." The current synthetic benchmarks stay in place, clearly marked.
F9 math trail sourcing (item 5) — same deal. File a ticket "Wire Evidence Block D to F9 ProForma outputs" blocked by the F9 ProForma task. Block D currently sources from deal data, which is fine as an interim.
Why this resolves the review cleanly. You've addressed three of five items with real structural work, documented the remaining two as explicit cross-task dependencies with ticket numbers, and the detection service now has the right shape — so the input drift becomes a simple "wire two more inputs" task rather than "rebuild detection."
Concrete PR message for the re-review:

Task #176 addresses structural spec gaps flagged in review. Detection split into deal-type-detection.service.ts. Weighted confidence waterfall implemented per spec weights (0.45 / 0.20 / 0.15 / 0.10 / 0.10); three of five inputs wired (zoning, rent roll, building structure); two inputs (assessor code, NAICS) return zero pending DB schema tickets #A and #B — waterfall structure is complete, only data wiring remains. Per-asset-class signal adapters scaffolded with interface + dispatch; MF adapter fully implemented, Retail/Office/Industrial/Hospitality adapters return structured "pending" responses with ticket refs. M05 live comps (ticket #C, blocked by M05 module) and F9 math trail sourcing (ticket #D, blocked by F9 ProForma) are cross-task dependencies documented in code and deferred.

That's a PR description a reviewer can approve. It shows the work, names the gaps, and points at the tickets that close them.
One warning. Don't let the reviewer push you into implementing items 4 or 5 as part of this task. They're genuinely blocked by modules that don't exist. If the reviewer pushes, escalate the scope question — "this task cannot ship those two items because the upstream modules haven't been built, and adding them would require building M05/F9 as part of M08." That's a scope conversation to have with whoever owns the backlog, not a code-review fight.
If you want, paste your current asset-class-detection.service.ts and I'll sketch the split into deal-type-detection.service.ts plus the waterfall shape so you can knock this out in one sitting.